hi everybody and today from out
spotlight we're going to be looking at
the Ghostbuster car ecto-1 and I don't
know if you guys can see but the details
amazing it has the no go symbol and it
also has a license plate ecto-1
and if you can see inside it has all the
equipment that the ghostbusters use so
it's pretty freakin awesome there's the
ghost containers and the well it has all
the equipment from the ghost busting
career in the back so it's pretty darn
neat we're gonna take this sucker for a
spin in just a second
it's so cool oh I love it okay see you
guys inside okay let's see the ecto-1 in
action
I love all the stuff on the top she's
super cool
and
I just think it's so perfect for the
ambitions career of ghost hunter I
almost like Ghostbuster
so you know maybe if your sin has that
career or maybe a person just thinks
these cars as awesome as I do okay let's
take a look at how much just poppy costs
and just where it's found and built by
mom okay so the ecto-1 can be found
under the vehicle section of built by
mode more specifically bar mode and it
costs $15,000 it has speed of 6 so I
mean it's not the fastest car but it was
okay and I would really recommend it for
your sins driving needs well thanks so
much for joining me and I hope you guys
have as much fun with the ecto-1 as I
did thanks bye